Hotfix 23.10 - cudf, dask-cudf and cugraph (#452)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rgn0030.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS General Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rgn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 30 # should match notice number
notice_pin: false # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "RAPIDS v23.10 Hotfix for cuDF"
notice_author: RAPIDS TPM

> notice_status: In Progress
> notice_status_color: yellow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
notice_status: Completed
notice_status_color: green
```

# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Release Change
notice_rapids_version: "v23.10"
notice_created: 2023-11-20
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2023-11-20
---

## Overview

> `cudf 23.10.1` introduced a bug that could cause incorrect merge output in `cudf` and `dask-cudf` when merging multiple indexes where the index is not unique. `cudf` is being hotfixed to `23.10.2` to resolve this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cudf 23.10.01` introduced a bug that could cause incorrect output in `cudf` and `dask-cudf` when merging dataframes in which one of the indexes is not unique. `cudf` is being hotfixed to `23.10.02` to resolve this issue.
```

## Rationale

> `cudf 23.10.1` introduced a bug that could cause incorrect merge output in `cudf` and `dask-cudf` when merging multiple indexes where the index is not unique. `cudf` is being hotfixed to `23.10.2` to resolve this issue. The issue is not present in `cudf 23.12` nightlies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cudf 23.10.01` introduced a bug that could cause incorrect output in `cudf` and `dask-cudf` when merging dataframes in which one of the indexes is not unique. `cudf` is being hotfixed to `23.10.02` to resolve this issue.
```

## Impact

> All `cudf` and `dask-cudf` users are encouraged to upgrade to the new `23.10.2` patch release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All `cudf` and `dask-cudf` users are encouraged to upgrade to the new `23.10.02` patch release.
```

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS General Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rgn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 30 # should match notice number
notice_pin: false # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "RAPIDS v23.10 Hotfix for cuDF"
notice_author: RAPIDS TPM
notice_status: In Progress
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Release Change
notice_rapids_version: "v23.10"

> notice_created: 2023-11-16

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
notice_created: 2023-11-20
```

# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made

> notice_updated: 2023-11-16

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
notice_updated: 2023-11-20
```

---

## Overview

> `cudf 23.10.1` introduced a faulty regression that affects both `dask_cudf=23.10` and `cugraph=23.10`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cudf 23.10.1` introduced a bug that could cause incorrect merge output in `cudf` and `dask-cudf` when merging multiple indexes where the index is not unique. `cudf` is being hotfixed to `23.10.2` to resolve this issue.
```

## Rationale

> When there are duplicate values in an index, Series constructor shouldn't be reindexing if there is a new index passed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cudf 23.10.1` introduced a bug that could cause incorrect merge output in `cudf` and `dask-cudf` when merging multiple indexes where the index is not unique. `cudf` is being hotfixed to `23.10.2` to resolve this issue. The issue is not present in `cudf 23.12` nightlies.
```

> We need a reindex fix(to fix cudf) and safe_hash fix (to fix dask_cudf) to correct the fautly regression issue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Impact

> All users are recommended to use the latest `23.12 Nightly Version of RAPIDS until hotfix is completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All `cudf` and `dask-cudf` users are encouraged to upgrade to the new `23.10.2` patch release.
```
